README.md, before:

# mealsolver
Logic-based meal optimizer

# Running example
>> python3
import program
program.full_example()

# Nutrients list
fndds_nutrients.csv comes from:
* https://www.ars.usda.gov/ARSUserFiles/80400530/pdf/fndds/2017_2018_FNDDS_Doc.pdf
** appendix K

fnb_dri_elements.csv comes from:
* https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK545442/table/appJ_tab3/?report=objectonly

fnb_dri_vitamins.csv comes from:
* https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK56068/table/summarytables.t2/?report=objectonly

fnb_dri_macro.csv comes from:
* https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK56068/table/summarytables.t4/?report=objectonly

fnb_ul_vitamins.csv comes from:
* https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK56068/table/summarytables.t7/?report=objectonly

fnb_ul_elements.csv comes from:
* https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK545442/table/appJ_tab9/?report=objectonly


# Types of nutrient recommendations:
Dietary Reference Intakes (DRI):
* DRI is the general term for a set of reference values used to plan and assess nutrient intakes of healthy people.
* https://ods.od.nih.gov/HealthInformation/nutrientrecommendations.aspx


Recommended Dietary Allowance (RDA)
* Average daily level of intake sufficient to meet the nutrient requirements of nearly all (97–98%) healthy individuals; often used to plan nutritionally adequate diets for individuals.
* https://ods.od.nih.gov/HealthInformation/nutrientrecommendations.aspx


Adequate Intake (AI):
* Intake at this level is assumed to ensure nutritional adequacy; established when evidence is insufficient to develop an RDA.
* https://ods.od.nih.gov/HealthInformation/nutrientrecommendations.aspx

Estimated Average Requirements (EAR):
* Average daily level of intake estimated to meet the requirements of 50% of healthy individuals; usually used to assess the nutrient intakes of groups of people and to plan nutritionally adequate diets for them; can also be used to assess the nutrient intakes of individuals.
* https://ods.od.nih.gov/HealthInformation/nutrientrecommendations.aspx

Tolerable Upper Intake Levels (UL)
* Maximum daily intake unlikely to cause adverse health effects.
* https://ods.od.nih.gov/HealthInformation/nutrientrecommendations.aspx


Daily Value (DV):
* Recommended intakes of nutrients vary by age and sex and are known as Recommended Dietary Allowances (RDAs) and Adequate Intakes (AIs). However, one value for each nutrient, known as the Daily Value (DV), is selected for the labels of dietary supplements and foods. A DV is often, but not always, similar to one’s RDA or AI for that nutrient. DVs were developed by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) to help consumers determine the level of various nutrients in a standard serving of food in relation to their approximate requirement for it. The label actually provides the %DV so that you can see how much (what percentage) a serving of the product contributes to reaching the DV.
* https://ods.od.nih.gov/HealthInformation/nutrientrecommendations.aspx

Commit message:

adding nutrient data files and fixing README

README.md, after:

# mealsolver
Logic-based meal optimizer

# Running examples:
Open any of the .ipynb files in Jupyter Notebook.

# Nutrients list
fndds_nutrients.csv comes from:
* https://www.ars.usda.gov/ARSUserFiles/80400530/pdf/fndds/2017_2018_FNDDS_Doc.pdf
** appendix K

fnb_dri_elements.csv comes from:
* https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK545442/table/appJ_tab3/?report=objectonly

fnb_dri_vitamins.csv comes from:
* https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK56068/table/summarytables.t2/?report=objectonly

fnb_dri_macro.csv comes from:
* https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK56068/table/summarytables.t4/?report=objectonly

fnb_ul_vitamins.csv comes from:
* https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK56068/table/summarytables.t7/?report=objectonly

fnb_ul_elements.csv comes from:
* https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK545442/table/appJ_tab9/?report=objectonly


# Types of nutrient recommendations:
Dietary Reference Intakes (DRI):
* DRI is the general term for a set of reference values used to plan and assess nutrient intakes of healthy people.
* https://ods.od.nih.gov/HealthInformation/nutrientrecommendations.aspx


Recommended Dietary Allowance (RDA)
* Average daily level of intake sufficient to meet the nutrient requirements of nearly all (97–98%) healthy individuals; often used to plan nutritionally adequate diets for individuals.
* https://ods.od.nih.gov/HealthInformation/nutrientrecommendations.aspx


Adequate Intake (AI):
* Intake at this level is assumed to ensure nutritional adequacy; established when evidence is insufficient to develop an RDA.
* https://ods.od.nih.gov/HealthInformation/nutrientrecommendations.aspx

Estimated Average Requirements (EAR):
* Average daily level of intake estimated to meet the requirements of 50% of healthy individuals; usually used to assess the nutrient intakes of groups of people and to plan nutritionally adequate diets for them; can also be used to assess the nutrient intakes of individuals.
* https://ods.od.nih.gov/HealthInformation/nutrientrecommendations.aspx

Tolerable Upper Intake Levels (UL)
* Maximum daily intake unlikely to cause adverse health effects.
* https://ods.od.nih.gov/HealthInformation/nutrientrecommendations.aspx


Daily Value (DV):
* Recommended intakes of nutrients vary by age and sex and are known as Recommended Dietary Allowances (RDAs) and Adequate Intakes (AIs). However, one value for each nutrient, known as the Daily Value (DV), is selected for the labels of dietary supplements and foods. A DV is often, but not always, similar to one’s RDA or AI for that nutrient. DVs were developed by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) to help consumers determine the level of various nutrients in a standard serving of food in relation to their approximate requirement for it. The label actually provides the %DV so that you can see how much (what percentage) a serving of the product contributes to reaching the DV.
* https://ods.od.nih.gov/HealthInformation/nutrientrecommendations.aspx
